you know what is happening everybody
welcome back to pin my PC and this is a
show we try to teach you how to
personalize customize trick out that PC
but above all make it cool now a couple
of shows ago I was telling you how to
get that poor man's Windows 7 for those
of you that couldn't afford the upgrade
myself included but I think someone
likes me cuz I got Windows 7 first thing
I tried started doing was pimping it out
I'm gonna share those with you today
we're talking about the rocket dock
let's get started guys now you've seen
me do some pimps on OS 10 and we did
some pimps on on modifying your dock and
and and that good stuff huge fan of the
dock now that I spent some time working
with OS 10 now Windows 7 as awesome as
it is and I do love it they didn't
actually include a dock I guess the
improved taskbar could kind of I don't
know maybe double is one but it's not
quite the same thing so I went out
looking for one that actually runs so
smooth you think that the developers had
included it with Windows 7 and that's
called the rocket dock and our friends
at punk labs comm are the ones that
brought that out to us and best of all
it's free so let's get started first
place sure we want to get when I go to
is a rocket comm and that's we're going
to download the file it's going to come
in a zip format you can see I've already
got mine downloaded and installed so I'm
not going to waste your time with that
just comes in a zip format extract it to
where you want it then you're gonna run
that application your installed so
having said that let's go see what I've
already got going on with mine so I'm
just gonna go to the side here now the
way I've got mine configured is I like
to keep it hidden because I like to keep
that clean desktop and that's one of the
beautiful things that I found about
Windows 7 as well as my desktop isn't
near as cluttered as it as it was with
XP with this doc installed I can have a
completely clean desktop well I'm not
completely clean but I'll show you that
in a second so the icons that you would
normally have on your desktop like your
recycle bin or my computer or network
places those are all in the dock now and
even other shortcuts that you would have
had before like Firefox for example when
you just drag that over to my dock throw
it in you've probably seen that
somewhere before and then we can get rid
of this guy bye-bye so that gives me
that clean desktop which is going to
show off those future pimps so we're
going to show you in the next couple of
episodes even
so let's check out some of the other
stuff you can do with it we're gonna
customize this and this is actually the
beauty of it because if you saw some of
the episodes I did before on on modding
your OS 10 dock you saw that it was a
little bit of a little bit of steps
involved this one not so much it's super
super easy so the first thing we're
going to check out is a general options
and nothing much to see here but one
thing I did select was to run it startup
so that way I don't have to worry about
it as soon as my OS starts up
there's my dock now the customization
stuff that you can do is is really cool
as well and the thing that I loved about
this was the themes these come with so
many themes right out of the box it's
great I chose Vista black just because
it gives it that nice darker clear black
look to it but you can go down to a
proto clay for example and I give you
that a nice orange look or what have you
another thing you can do that is really
cool as well and you've probably seen
this before somewhere else too is the
position and you can move that around as
well I've got mine over on the left but
one thing that we can do that the OS 10
users can't is put that dock on the top
suckers but I think I'm going to throw
them on back on the left cuz it's kind
of where I like it
and I'm pretty particular about those
kind of things guys make sure you let me
know what you think of rocket dock I
want you to get it install it on your
windows 7 let me know if you think it's
better than the OS 10 version and
Microsoft if you're listening the
Windows users we want a dock hook us up
alright that is today's show guys make
sure you check out the show notes of
butterscotch comm find out where to
download the rocket dock make sure you
tune in next time because we're pimping
windows 7 I'm Lucas keep it unique